# Software_Engineering_Ethics
CS210 Infographic of the top 10 most important ethics

The order of standards listed here represent some of what I think is most important in a technical setting. A lot of these standards are important specifically because they can be related to so many different careers, while staying relevant in every one of them. To start out, a lot of this generality comes from what I chose to put at the top, and though they are what I chose to be the least important out of my list, they still hold an immense importance. I have always been passionate about education, and helping other people. In addition to this, self-care is one of the most important things that you can contribute to within any setting. If you are not helping those around you, if you are dishonest, or even if you are not taking care of yourself, you are cheating yourself out of the best you can be. To uphold these basic standards is not only to take care of yourself, but to help everyone around you, and everyone around them, as the happier you are, the smarter and more successful you become, lifts everyone up with you. To contribute healthily to a community also creates great consistency and practice making sure that everything on the list can be upheld.  

The farther we go down, we can see a transformation of our list of ethics, into what I believe to be the crux of the entire framework of our society, and anyone else that uses computers as well. We are only as powerful as our weakest link, and there have been too many examples where a breach of data, confidentiality, and security has created a momentous effect on not only our country, but others as well. All it takes is one nasty virus, to knock out an entire infrastructure which could send millions of people into poverty, causing a national crisis, and an exponentiality of death caused by the lack of availability to basic products, or necessities such as clean water, to not being able to access an ATM or electronic transportation. Not every instance is like this thankfully, but even the loss or breach of individual data can lead to a domino effect that opens up some of the most curious pathways, and rabbit holes on the internet always compromising way more than just one person in an incredibly dangerous way. 
